---
toc: true
layout: post
description: This is how we made our project
title: Process
---

## Week 1

During Week 1 our main goal was to find resources that could help us make a reverse dictionary. We knew how to use an API to make a dictionary which could take user inputs and give a definition based on that input, but we didn't know how to reverse that. Each group member made a personal plan on what each of us will bring to the project and what we hope to personally accomplish. This included general goals such as making a scrum board to track and solve issues and goals which were more specific to our project like making a feedback page. To read more about our plans from Week 1 click [here](https://random-ign.github.io/Team-Berries-Fastpages/2022/10/23/plan.html).

## Week 2

During this week we found out that reversing our dictionary would be more difficult and time consuming than we originally anticipated so we decided to change our project to a regular dictionary. This change would allow us to make more progress on the development of website because we don't need to spend much of our precious time trying to complete a project that wouldn't be done by the deadline. During this week we made a feedback page on our blogsite so people can leave reviews, promoting customer interaction with the team. An "About Us" page was also created where cards were used to show everyone's job and link their personal blog.

## Week 3

Week 3 was mostly finalizing changes and formatting the websites. This included making and fixing the "Word of the Day" card and connecting backend and frontend together. After finalizing changes we disscussed how we are going to present each part of the project during Night at the Museum.